c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Cake.exe.config
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Cake.exe
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Cake.pdb
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkLegacy.dll
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.pdb
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.pdb
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkLegacy.pdb
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkLegacy.xml
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.Form1.resources
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.exe
c:\users\danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.pdb
C:\Users\Danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\Danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmBolos.resources
C:\Users\Danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmClientes.resources
C:\Users\Danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmEncomendas.resources
C:\Users\Danatielly\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmAdministracao.resources
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.Form1.resources
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmBolos.resources
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmClientes.resources
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmEncomendas.resources
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.FrmAdministracao.resources
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.exe
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.pdb
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Cake.exe.config
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Cake.exe
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Cake.pdb
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.pdb
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.pdb
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkLegacy.pdb
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkLegacy.xml
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\cn\Desktop\Cake\Cake\obj\Debug\Cake.csproj.CopyComplete
